         Answers
                          Basic
1.the four layers of css box model are content , padding , border , margin .
2.property:display value:flex
3.static
4.grid container is the one who apply the grid property to the box or container.
  and grid item is a child to it w/c can individually position columns and rows
5.pixel . because it is not dependent in any thing .
6.first of all keywords are very narrow than hex and RGB. 
  the difference between hex and RGB is that
  - hex uses # at the front, consists of six digites from 0-f , 00(red)00(green)00(blue) , and can be shorten as three degites.
  - RGB is in (x,y,z) form , x for red y for green and z for blue ,and each from 1-255.
  so in specificity RGB > hex > keywords
7.Font-family
8.The default is content-box in this case the width and height is for the 
  content only, so whenyou add padding and margin it will be out side of the width and height.
  unlike boarder-box , which add the padding and margin to the width and height. so it don't increas the total size of the element.
9.rows
10.relative to its container.
                            intermediate
11.justify-content: controls the alignment on the main axis. That is defined by the flex-direction.
   align-items:controls the alignment on the cross axis perpendicular to the main axis.
12.The fraction unit distribute the remaining space proportionally between the givens.
  in the example given in the question: grid-template-columns: 1fr,2fr; it separates the remaining part to three and give 1fr 1/3 and 2fr 2/3 of the remaining space.so one of the remaining space and two of the remaining space.
13.in static ther will be no change , unlike the relative which will make it dependent on it(it 
  will be absolute relatively to the container or the parent).
14.in em you are dependent on the parent , so it could be highly dynamic.
 In rem you are dependent in the root , so it is more static(unchanged).
15.a is the one who controles the opacity so it can make the color solid or transparent.
16.to make space b/n lines so the reader don't skip or reread the lines.
  to inherit constant calculation of spaces b/n lines , that means when you make px the new line calculate a new line-height relatively to the previous one
17.using gap.
18.is used to get the flexed items to go down as needed .
  we use it for ex. when we list thinges in cardes and want it to be interactive.
19.it is when the two margins combine together like one.what happen is that the browser takes the larger margin and apply it.
  in block-level element the same thing happen.
20.it actes like position:relative; until it reachessome point then turning to position:fixed;
                                Advanced
21.when the project you are making is in full browser screen.